improved docs about loop entities possibilities (#227)
FabianTerhorst/coreclr-module: docs/articles/loop-all.md

There are two callback interfaces to implement.

1. ```IAsyncBaseObjectCallback``` which is for calling async code in it.
The callback gets executed inside of an own task and therefore is awaitable.
Use this callback class either when you have to execute asynchronous code inside the loop or when the loop call itself gets executed asynchronously (not in main thread).
The entity object parameter by using this callback class is validated and it is safe to be used outside of the main thread without need of using lock statements.

2. ```IBaseObjectCallback``` is used for none async code.
The loop execution also blocks the execution on the main thread.
You should also not use async code within the callback (or at least lock usage of entities). 

> Technically both callbacks, no mather the interface can be called in async code. ```IAsyncBaseObjectCallback``` will result in returning a Task and uses async safe entity references (like ```AsyncPlayerRef``` instead of ```PlayerRef``` when iterating over players).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technically both callbacks, no rather the interface can be called in async code. ```IAsyncBaseObjectCallback``` will result in returning a Task and uses async safe entity references (like ```AsyncPlayerRef``` instead of ```PlayerRef``` when iterating over players).
```

Its allowed to reuse the created class instances for as many calls as you want.

Exceptions inside a callback will result into the method to fail and forward the exception to the caller.

### Function / lambda callbacks

Since writing multiple classes for each iteration purpose can be exhausting, you can also use these two generic callback implementations.
With them you can use lambda expressions to define the loop code.

> Just keep in mind that using classes is better in performance than using lambda functions (which is probably negligible).

Reviewer: But you're using a class **and** a lambda in the example (`FunctionCallback` as class and `callback` as lambda)

Author: Yes, but the lambda class implementation is required as a class only one time and then can be reused for different lambda expressions. Especially when you come from javascript you will know this approach very well (simple arrow functions to define reusable logic).
